---
layout: post
title: April 2012
---

Inna gave her work her official 2-week notice, and we started packing everything up.  Gave away her beautiful refrigerator to Mr. Andrei.  The microwave, I lugged *by hand* all the way across the St. Pete metropolis.  Through the Metro, on the bus, and yes, *down the street.*  **Unbelievable.**

 - Refrigerator and Couch went to Andrei *(previously T. Ira's, pre-T. Ira, it was Polina's teacher's son's cat's pet hamster's couch.)*
 - Washing Machine went to Nikita (with the hope that Ulka would get it if they got married, which they did. Yay!)
 - The only things that she sold were:
   - Vacuum *(cheap, chinese junk)*
   - Mirror *(The cool, squiggly IKEA one)*
   - T. Ira's curtain rod gift. :(

Inna took me with her to the Academy for her last meeting with her Cadets.  We took pictures, laughed, and then she showed me a little of the Academy.  Very Soviet.  Before leaving, we met with Inna's chief.  She was director of the English department in the academy.  Her assistant was trying to be conversational, and said that I was a "calm human."  Very flattering, Ma'am, *very flattering.*

Near the end of the month, we went to KZ, and met Allison, the little British boy on the train.  I had no clue that he was speaking in English until Inna told me that he was.  We had a good time of talking, passing the weary hours on the train.  Before he left at Perm where he was studying, he danced for us.  It was cute.

We spent a week in Borovskoye with Momma.  We visited Inna's friends Lena & Andrei.  On Sunday, we went to the Kazakhstan version of Gospel Light.  A German guy was preaching there about the evils of the internet.  It was *interesting,* to say the least.  Even more interesting was when he asked me what I did for a living.  Was labeled an ecumeicalist when I said that it didn't matter what religion you were, that you just had to repent, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and be baptized.  Fun times.  When we finally got away from his blessed company, we excused ourselves, and went to look around the town a little where Inna had spent so much time in her youth.  She decided to show me the registered church where she had first gone to church.  Lo and behold, who was there but the German guy *again,* this time boring the pastor there to tears with the same raving about the devil's net.

We spent the evening and night with T. Olya.  She gave us more than her entire pension.  It was very humbling to accept it, but she insisted.  We had tea with her sister as well.  Momma came and took us back to her home the next morning.

We had the pre-wedding party with Inna's relatives, and all the associated drinking.  Vodka dissapeared like ice cream on a hot day.  No, we didn't drink any. ;)

We took the long, stinky train ride back up to St. Pete, and I was sick.  We survived.  Barely.

We had a last-minute going-away party at the church in Volodarskaya.  About 35 people were there, (about 50% of the invited number) and there was WAY too much food left over.  We all piled into Pasha's van and attempted to bring everything home without squishing it all.

The last few nights, I slept in Inna's orange box.  Anya was our chaperone.  We had nothing other than some borrowed mattresses in the room, so we were all sleeping on the floor.  More good memories.

Parting time came and was really hard.  Johannes came to bring us to the airport, and brought Diana as well.  Several of Inna's friends came, and everyone was crying.

