# May 2012
- Ryan & Inna Hoshor
- russianryebread
- 2012/05/01
- 2012 in Review
- published

We flew to New York, and we were late for our flight, so we spent a *long, cold* night on the floor of LaGuardia airport in NY.  It was an amazing welcome for Inna to the "*land of miracles,*" where "everything just works."  Our bus trip from JFK was on this old, stinky bus, driven by a crazy old guy, over a road so rough, you'd have sworn that you were in, well, Post-Soviet Russia.  So much for all my stories about how everything just works so well. ;)  Can you say: [Eat Crow?][1]

We were met in Charlotte by Dad, Mom, Rebecca, Jamin, and Karissa, in Luke's van with a huge banner taped on the side that said "359" for Inna's favorite stinky buss near her apartment.  We were glad to finally relax in a real bed when we got to Mom and Dad's!

* * * * * * * * 

Wedding preparations were hectic since we only literally had 2 weeks to get everything planned, together, rented, and finalized.  We had the excellent [Christian International Productions][2] for our photographers, and Hochstetlers did all the wedding coordination.  Rebecca and Katrina did all the decorating and setup the dining hall in the woods behind the Martin's house.

Inna's mom flew in from Kazakhstan on Wednesday, and we picked her up from the Raleigh airport; about a three-hour drive.  Her poor mom had spent a total of about 60 hours enroute.  First, a two hour drive by car, then a twelve hour train ride, followed by an eight hour wait for the plane to take off to Turkey.  That was about a 10 hour flight, with a long layover there, followed by a fourteen hour flight to JFK.  Following that, she flew to Raleigh, and then a three hour drive to home.  We were exhausted just thinking about it, but she had slept on the flights and was like the Energizer Bunny.  She was a trouper!

On Thursday, the 24th, Inna tripped down the outside entry stairs to Dad's house, and sprained her ankle.  She was unable to walk the rest of that day and the next.  We were afraid that I would have to carry her down the isle.  She was able to walk with a brace, and barefoot, thankfully.

The rehearsal w

The 26th dawne




[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_crow
[2]: http://cip4me.com